Relevance
For being friends, I think that having certain skills is not quite irrelevant, right?
For making friends, it isn’t a trivial matter that people are clever, now is it?
I am convinced that foolishness is of no value to a friendship.

AffordanceNeg
It seems that was not a very handy thing to do.
You made a silly move, I suppose.
You did a very stupid thing there.

Relevance
For being friends, I think that having certain skills is not quite irrelevant, right?
For making friends, it isn’t a trivial matter that people are clever, now is it?
I am convinced that foolishness is of no value to a friendship.

Valence
That you lack some skills makes it a little harder for us to become friends one day.
That you are kind of silly makes me gloomy about a future friendship.
In view of your basic lack of intelligence, I don’t expect much about us being friends.

UI
Maybe one day I’ll call upon you but don’t count on it too much.
Thanks very much but your help is not needed.
I know it’s rude but I have no use for you.

Involvement
In sum, I sympathize with you – a little.
However, you somehow move me that way.
I fully empathize with you.

Distance
Still, although not too bad, I have a hard time warming up to you as well.
But let’s not get ahead of ourselves: It’s good if we maintain some professional distance.
However, please, get out of my way. However, please, get out of my sight.

DissimilarityInUI
We have little in common so you may not be able to help me.
We hardly share anything between us so I think you can hardly be of help.
We are so different, you and I: That too makes you useless to me.

DissimilarityInInvolvement
At the same time, I feel sorry that we share so little: It reduces our possibilities to be friends.
We also have our dissimilarities, which makes me pity you, I feel.
Yet, there is hardly anything between us because we are so very unalike.

DissimilarityInDistance
We are not the same, I know, and you better not come closer but I also see myself in you somehow.
It would be good if you stay away but some things I recognize in you that make me a little more mild-tempered.
Although you better leave now, we share some characteristics as well I must admit.
